Add example with react integration (#31)
Rebilly/framepay-docs: docs/examples/vue.md

### Using with VueJS 

> We have simple wrapper for ReactJS please take a look at [framepay-vue](https://github.com/Rebilly/framepay-vue)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have simple wrapper for VueJS. Please take a look at [framepay-vue](https://github.com/Rebilly/framepay-vue).
```

> We have simple wrapper for VueJS. Please take a look at [framepay-vue](https://github.com/Rebilly/framepay-vue).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We offer an easy-to-use wrapper component for VueJS, called [framepay-vue](https://github.com/Rebilly/framepay-vue).
```
